I want to stay with you for a while
What kind of place do you take me here?
Come when you want
Go if you want
What do you want?
I can exchange me with you.
want
Your Heart
If you really want to go back to the original plot
Then Lei Fan and An Hongze must be two people
Fall in love first
How to disagree
Get out now
It's a deal!
I didn't expect President Yang to order him to introduce it
Look at his charming humph
Make a fool of yourself
President Yang took a fancy to him
That's why he has the ability.
If you have the ability
Humph, I have to worry less
Villain offended many times
Please forgive me, Queen
In the script, I remember that Master An will be present
Yao Hui, Young Master Chang'an
Introduce, this is Miss Ou
Miss Ou, what happened last time was my fault
I punish myself
If Master An really has the heart, then come and cheer more
But you have to have the guts
After all, your fiancee is a Little River East Master
I rely on the assassination written in the script to be true
According to the script
President Yang's house has a secret road that leads directly to Huaihai Street
Come with me!
Master An, it seems that these people are coming for you
If I scream now
Your life is gone
You wouldn't do that.
Well, I will.
I can give you anything you want.
want
Your Heart
It's so light to live in a democratic house before